After winning five gold medals at RoboGames, I have transformed my designs into a modular battle robot kit so you can make your own!  Bot Bash Parties has been introducing kids to combat robotics for the last four years. We are now looking to expand the educational side of the company by selling combat robotics kits! We have been competing in robotics competitions for 17 years, and have won seven gold medals from the world robotics competition. These kits are based on some of the champion designs, with the same precision-made parts and electronics!  Nine-year-old working on a robot of his own design Our goal is to create an exciting platform for kids to learn engineering and physics concepts. We plan to release expansion packs for the robot each year. We have put together a curriculum that we've been using at the sterne school and various summer camps in the Bay Area. We will be making YouTube tutorials with our lesson plans that all of our backers will have access to.  Micro Drive blue T-shirt We've taken two of our most popular party robots and made them into fun T-shirts if you do the $25 level you will get one of these T-shirts in your size!  Baby bunny pink The hundred dollar level gets you a skeleton frame these are the extremely hard to machine and high precision aluminum rails the kit is based off.  Skeleton frame no top bottom or wedge The $170 level gets you a complete robot front including titanium armor and bulletproof glass top and bottom plates.  The wheel hubs are included although not in the picture Next up is a ready to run kit we call it Beatbox. It has everything you need to enter a robot fighting contest; a transmitter, properly mixed that meets RFL standards, battery charger tires motors electronics . The best starter package for someone getting into the sport.  Beatbox starter robot Next, at the $400 level we have the Grim Sweeper kit. This is the dustpan of doom! A very wide robot capable of scooping, grabbing and dragging others and holding them down with its articulated arm. This robot can self right and is a beast to fight in the arena .  Grim sweeper robot kit Are most advanced kit is the Spartan kit. This is a four wheeled, four drive motor lifter. Very fast with plenty of pushing power and capable of self righting with this lifting weapon and flipping its opponent over as well. With redundancy built into multiple drive motors, the Spartan can take hits and keep going.  Spartan robot kit We also have several different multi packs for people looking to get multiple robots or do after school classes of their own. You can find the one to fit your classroom size.  Three pack get all three robots We also have a level where you can design your own weapon for the robot. Bot Bash Parties will make you a custom piece, to your exact design specifications.  
