The World's Most Minimal Running Footwear   The BarePadz Story: I've been a barefoot runner for over 10 years. Although I often run completely barefoot, there are many surfaces that are not fun to run on because they hurt too much. This is why the minimal footwear industry exists. Today's minimal footwear comes in all shapes and sizes and I've tried them all: from the most popular style which entomb each toe separately to the tribal-inspired shoes that lace a flat piece of rubber to your sole. Each one has its advantages and disadvantages but none of them satisfied what I really needed: something to protect the front of my foot without covering the rest of my foot. This is what BarePadz do. BarePadz provide extra protection for running on rough surfaces that would normally be too rough for completely bare feet. This extra protection opens up a huge variety of terrain that is normally inaccessible when running barefoot. BarePadz are the easiest minimal footwear to put on and take off. They are also the easiest to travel with and to clean. So far, I love them. The friends I have shared them with also love them. I have also discovered that friends have started using them for other activities where some extra foot protection is better than being completely barefoot. I look forward to seeing if you discover new uses for them as well. Possibilities include dance, yoga, boating, gardening and ?  Photos: Here is a top view of a BarePad. The velcro strap provides some extra tightening to prevent slippage when running uphill.  Top View Here is the bottom view. The kevlar threaded pad on the bottom protects the neoprene and provides extra cushioning.  Bottom View Wearing them on asphalt:  And on a trail:  Running on Asphalt:  Happy Feet:   Disclaimer: I am not promoting barefoot running. I am not claiming any universal, proven benefits to barefoot running. Although barefoot running has had huge benefits for me, this does not mean it will for you. If you are not currently a barefoot runner do NOT just go out and go for a barefoot run. You could get injured. Becoming a barefoot runner requires the learning of a new skill and a very slow and steady training regimen. Please do a lot of research before starting.  Sizing: Please note that the sizing chart below are based on average foot widths. If you have a much wider or narrower foot you might want to try a size up or size down from what the chart says. Women's:  * US Women's Size: 4 to 6 = XS   * US Women's Size: 6.5 to 8 = S   * US Women's Size: 8.5 to 10 = M   * US Women's Size: 10.5 to 12 = L   * US Women's Size: 12.5 to 14.5 = XL   * US Women's Size: 15 and above = XXL Men's  * US Men's Size: 6 to 6.5 = S   * US Men's Size: 7 to 8.5 = M   * US Men's Size: 9 to 10.5 = L   * US Men's Size: 11 to 13 = XL   * US Men's Size: 13.5 and above = XXL  
