Artisan sandals handmade by skilled artisans in Oaxaca, Mexico. Helping to support girls' education around the world.  Laadi Designs needs your help to launch our line of artisan sandals by kickstarting our production. Our ladies sandals are handcrafted in Oaxaca, Mexico by a talented group of artisans in a family workshop. With 30 years of experience, these shoe makers have a knack for gorgeous fabric, distinct style, and a passion for quality. It is a labor of love from start to finish:  * Hand woven fabric  * Organic leather tanning  * Crafted by hand in a family owned workshop with over 30 years of experience Our sandals create a culture of unity, they embody a genuine connection between the consumer, the artisan, and the distance in-between.  Our Sandals The Laadi Collection These sandals are made with textiles woven on a pedal loom also in Oaxaca, Mexico. The artisans cut the fabric to make straps and uniquely tie, braid or wrap them to make comfortable sandals. The sandals are made in small batches depending on fabric availability. The available colors and styles will vary.     The Tapestry Collection These sandals are made with handwoven textiles on a more laborious tapestry loom. The yarn is also hand-dyed wool. Additional straps are added to some styles and all wool straps come with leather lining on the inside of the shoe adding extra comfort and quality. The sandals are made in small batches depending on fabric availability. The available colors and styles will vary.     The Artisans The artisan workshop is a woman run family workshop. Clara, along with her daughters and other family members have been crafting beautiful sandals for over 30 years. The entire process is done by hand including the leather tanning, soling, and adding gorgeous handwoven fabrics. Our textiles are woven by hand on a pedal loom. We partner with small workshops and individual weavers in the region. Laadi Designs works to promote traditional shoe making and weaving in the area while providing sustainable long-term relationships that generate reliable income to these families.   More Than Just Shoes: Supports Girls Education Globally We understand that the purchases we make as consumers has the ability to leave a footprint around the globe¦so why not leave a positive, empowering footprint? That is our mission. Empower the artisan, empower the consumer. With each shoe purchased, we will donate $1 to She's the First. This will go towards supporting girls' education around the globe. Education allows us to break down the boxes society puts us in and overcome the walls of circumstance. We believe in making the most of the world we were given.   The Rewards: If our campaign is funded your card will be charged and we will contact you to select the color and size of your sandal reward. Color and styles available will include the ones pictured here as well as many more!  Interested in supporting Laadi Designs but aren't looking for sandals? Donate $5 or more and we will seriously be best friends. We really appreciate your support!  Thank you for supporting us now! You'll receive 1 pair of sandals from our Laadi Collection in the color and size of your choosing.  With this support, you'll receive 2 pair of sandals from our Laadi Collection in the color and size of your choosing. To share or not to share?  No need to choose, supporting us here will get you 1 pair of sandals from our Laadi Collection and 1 pair of sandals from our Tapestry Collection in the color and size of your choosing.  Thank you so much for your early support! You will receive 2 pair of sandals from our Tapestry Collection in the color and size of your choosing.  Sizing: Our sandals are available in whole sizes only. They may run slightly big, so we recommend sizing down when looking for half sizes. Size 6 - 9.5" sole Size 7 - 10" sole Size 8 - 10.5" sole Size 9 - 10.75" sole Size 10 - 11" Sole  Our Team: Alisa discovered this talented group of shoemakers while sourcing ethical handmade goods for her fair trade boutique store in Oaxaca, Mexico. She asked Amber to partner with her to create Laadi Designs. They both knew from the start that they wanted to create a business that brought support and awareness to a cause that is very important to both them: girls' education. Both Amber and Alisa have two young daughters. Alisa is an avid traveler who loves to get off the beaten path and speaks several languages. She served in the Peace Corps in a rural indigenous village in Bolivia. She earned a Masters degree in Latin American Studies where she specializes in development studies and handcrafts in Bolivia. Alisa has a good understanding of the challenges that artisans in developing countries face. She feels that she can effectively make a difference connecting these artisans to larger markets and sharing her passion for culture and travel to those here in the US. Amber has a keen eye for fashion and is a trained marketing specialist. She has over 10 years experience in marketing and journalism. She is excited to utilize her skills to pursue her passion for social entrepreneurship.  Delivery Info: Your sandals will be ready for delivery in August. When they are ready, we will contact you to choose your size and color preference from our collections. We've been working with our artisan partners over the past 3 months to design both of our collections. All of the shoes are in production now. We will proactively keep you updated on any delays.    
