We save used and old wood pallets and construction materials from being wasted and turn them into art, furniture, and home decor.  Reuse and Recycle, Re-Invent  Outdoor pallet patio table My family and I have always worked to try and conserve and work to preserve. Having worked in the paper and construction industry I see a lot of waste not only from paper waste, but always see tons of deliveries coming on pallets that once they would have a cracked board or become old they were basically burned or broken up and thrown away, leftover pieces and demolitioned sites went to the dump. With all the waste in the world from so much and being an artist all my life, I decided to take something that goes into the trash and make it into a useful, viable and beautiful piece of art. Reuse keeps construction material out of the waste stream, preserves the energy used to originally create the material, and creates less pollution.  Pallet slat table We have just started in our adventure, basically using rudimentary hand tools to create some projects, but we want to take it to the next level and expand our art to offer Pallet Art to everyone. In order to do that we need better machinery and tools that alone we can not afford. That's where your help comes in through Kickstarter funding.  Pallet wine rack With better equipment we can not only work faster, but vastly expand our ability to create more unique pieces. We can recycle many more pallets which is one more tree that saw its beauty renewed through works of art. Through our work we hope to spread the word of conservation of our natural beauty in our forests. We strive to use only recycled woods from pallets, barn wood, construction excess and more.  Snowman decoration made from recycled spindle Through Kickstarter we hope to get enough contributors to get a new CNC router to create highly unique and customized pieces from recycled materials. With a CNC we can custom cut, design and personalize new products further expanding our company's capabilities and product line which will help us recycle and reuse more materials. 
